---
layout: post
title: "이럴수가 oh no!"
date: 2024-07-13 19:24:33
category: 파티전도
post_image: /../assets/images/post-thumbnails/wallpaper2 - Changah Song.png
excerpt: What is going on
---
  
# Minerva Marketplace Web App Outline 

# Error: Image not able to be loaded as it's an inline drawing element*Visual representation of page flow logic*

* **Login Page**

    * Has Minerva logo and Minerva Market Place written across it

    * The username must be a Minerva email (@[uni.minerva.edu](http://uni.minerva.edu) or @[minerva.kgi.edu](http://minerva.kgi.edu))

    * Password: Try and constraint to above 8 characters at least

    * Enter button: If username and password are not valid, throw error and reload the login page

    * The login page takes you to the landing page when you enter username and password and hit enter

    * There should be a sentence, "Don’t have an account yet? Sign up." Sign up will be a link that takes them to the sign up page

    * **Nice to have:

        * Forgot password functionality

        * Eight char passwords with at least one uppercase, lowercase, and number.

* **Sign up Page**

    * Has Minerva logo and Minerva Market Place written across it

    * The username must be a Minerva email (@[uni.minerva.edu](http://uni.minerva.edu) or @[minerva.kgi.edu](http://minerva.kgi.edu))

    * Password: Try and constraint to above 8 characters at least

    * Confirm Password: Needs to match the above password

    * Enter button: If the username, password or confirm password are not valid, throw an error and reload the sign up page

    * Takes you to login page when you hit enter

    * There should be a sentence, "Already have an account? Login." Login will be a link that takes them to the login page page

    * **Nice to have:

        * Email verification

        * Forgot password functionality

        * Eight char passwords with at least one uppercase, lowercase, and number.

* **Landing Page**

    * Contains all currently posted items with the seller name, item name, picture, and price only.

    * You can filter the items by rotation city.

        * After putting in filters, hit the "Apply" button to apply filters

    * When you click on an item on the landing page, you get taken to the view item page.

        * Includes all details about the item and the seller

        * Has a request item button

    * When an item gets requested by a user, it leaves the landing page and goes to the user page

    * **Nice to have:

        * Ranking items by frequently viewed or recently posted

        * Being able to search for an item instead of scrolling

        * Item categories

        * Filtering by trustworthiness

            * Give a score to people based on the stars they get after making a sale

            * Everyone starts at N/A and moves up or down based on the start average

            * People can report others to admin if sold goods are damaged. Admin will contact seller and if unresponsive report to Student Life

* **User page**

    * Has a tab (my requests) showing all items that the user has requested

        * When a request is accepted, the seller's phone number and preferred mode of communication are appended to the request

        * If a request is denied, the request is removed from the user page and reposted on the landing page

    * Another tab (posted items) shows all items the user has posted

        * There should be a button here that allows the user to post another item. This button will take them from the user page to the post item page

        * When an item is requested, the user's information is appended to the item (so the seller knows who's requesting it).

        * If the seller declines, this information is removed

* **Post item page**

    * To get to the post item page, you need to click the "post item" button in the posted items tab of the user page.

    * This is basically a detailed form the seller fills for each item they sell

        * Name of item

        * Price of item

        * Description of item

        * Item category

            * This will be a drop-down. It will help in the categorization of items on the landing page 

        * The location that the item will be left it

            * This field will be used in the filtering by location on the landing page

        * Estimated viability of the product (shelf life)

        * Used or New

        * Upload an image of the item

    * The form helps generate the item description that will be shown on the view item page (this is also the page where you would request an item)

    * There will be a "post" button that posts the item on the landing page

    * **Nice to have:

        * Autofill fields like seller name, seller class, seller location, etc. that can be inferred from the user's info

        * Better yet, don't ask for these in the form at all. Just pull them in from the account settings

* **View item page**

    * To get to the view item page, you need to either click on an item in the my requests tab of the user page or click on an item on the landing page

    * This page shows all details regarding the item you are requesting. This information comes from the form filled out on the post item page and seller details on the user details page

    * Info from post items page:

        * Name of item

        * Price of item

        * Description of item

        * The location that the item will be left it

        * Estimated viability of the product (shelf life)

        * Used or New

        * Upload an image of the item

    * Info from user details page:

        * Seller's name

        * Seller's graduating class (e.g., M23)

        * Seller's current rotation city

        * Seller's profile picture

        * Seller's about

    * **Note: Contact info will not be given until the request has been accepted

* **User details page**

    * Contains the user's information

    * Used to populate the view item page and add user's information to the user page on both the buyer and seller ends when a request is accepted.

    * Customer Info

        * Current city

        * Class

        * Phone number (and preferred app for communication)

        * Minerva email

        * A profile pic (maybe)

        * About

        * Name

    * There should be a button ("edit user details") that allows you to edit the user details. This button takes you to the edit details page.

* **Edit details page**

    * Just a form with the following fields:

        * Current city

        * Class

        * Phone number (and preferred app for communication)

        * Minerva email

        * A profile pic (maybe)

        * About

        * Name

    * When you click the "save" button, it updates all fields on the user details page.

    * This most likely also updates our database storing user data.

# General features I need to include and their feasibility

Update on skills

Previously, I mentioned that I had a vision for this project but I didn’t have knowledge of the tools to implement it or estimate the feasibility of the features I wanted to add. After taking CS162, I can now better estimate how feasible adding each feature will be. Following this analysis, I should be able to cut down features so I can produce an MVP (using Flask and SQLAlchemy). 

Features:

* Signup/Login related features:

    * User accounts

    * Signup with email and password

    * Login with email and password

    * Email verification for authentication when they first sign up

    * Forgot password functionality

    * Ensure that passwords are 8 chars with at least one uppercase, lowercase, and number

* DB related things features:

    * Filtering by rotation cities

    * Filtering by most frequently view

    * Filtering by recently posted

    * Search for items

    * Item categories (filter by categories)

    * Posting and taking down items

    * Viewing items

    * Adding pictures to item descriptions

* General connectivity of the pages

* Saving user requests on another page

* Editing user details

** I color code the features based on their difficulty level: Easy,  Medium, Hard.

# Backend Logic

# DB Schema:

Error: Image not able to be loaded as it's an inline drawing element

*Visual representation of DB Schema*

Users:

When a user signs up and fills out the edit details form, the info they filled in gets entered into the Users table.

* User ID (**PK**) - INT

* Image ID (**FK**: Images.ID) - INT

* Name - TEXT

* Email - TEXT

* Password - TEXT

* Phone Number - TEXT

* Class - TEXT

* About me - TEXT

* Current City - TEXT

* Preferred mode of communication - TEXT

* Other contact info - TEXT

Items:

* Item ID (**PK**) - INT

* Requested by (**FK** : Users.User ID) - INT

* Posted by (**FK** : Users.User ID) - INT

* Image ID (**FK**: Images.ID) - INT

* Request Status - TEXT

    * Not Requested, Requested, Approved

* Item Name - TEXT

* Item Location - TEXT

* Item Category - TEXT

* Item Description - TEXT

* Item Shelf Life - TEXT

* New - BOOL

* Date Posted - DATE/TEXT

* Estimated Price - TEXT

Images:

* ID (**PK**) - INT

* Original Filename - TEXT

* Generated Filename - TEXT

* S3 Bucket Name - TEXT

* S3 Bucket Region - TEXT


